docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/server.rst

    svc.add_asgi_middleware(HTTPSRedirectMiddleware)

Customize API Server
--------------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

BentoML provides first-class support for bundling existing WSGI or ASGI app into a BentoServer.

```

Bundle WSGI app (e.g. Flask)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Here’s an example of mounting Flask endpoints alongside BentoML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s an example of mounting Flask endpoints alongside BentoML:
```

> As you can see, you can use flask annotations just as you would if you were building a standalone flask app. In order to ensure the correct coupling, the ``svc.mount_wsgi_app(flask_app)`` must be invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, you can use flask annotations as if you were building a standalone flask app. To ensure correct coupling, ``svc.mount_wsgi_app(flask_app)`` must be invoked.
```

> The primary method to invoke is ``svc.mount_asgi_app(fastapi_app)`` in order to ensure that the fastapi endpoints are initialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to invoke ``svc.mount_asgi_app(fastapi_app)`` so that the FastAPI endpoints are initialized correctly.
```
